CoreIR fix TERMINATE_SERVER_VERSION (#36636)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/ReleaseNotes/3_0_74.md

#### Integrations

##### Investigation & Response

> - Fixing the permitted server version for commands ***core-terminate-process*** and ***core-terminate-causality***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the minimal server version required for running the commands ***core-terminate-process*** and ***core-terminate-causality***.
```
